Check actual event type and not PmType (#344)
Uninett/zino: changelog.d/344.fixed.md

> Fix using wrong value to check if event is correct subclass

Reviewer: This is not specific enough, from just reading this I have no idea which part of Zino has been changed

```suggestion
When matching an event to a planned maintenance check that event is of the correct subclass
```
